**Attendees:** Eleanor Broadway, Mai Hoang, Stephen Longshaw, Damian Jones  
**Apologies:** Marion Weinzierl

---

## Agenda
- Terms of Reference   
- Discussion: Invitations to potential EDI WG members  
  - Who do we invite from the spreadsheet?  
  - Invitation process:  
    - Deadlines  
    - Invitation text  
    - Ownership of each invitation  

---

## Actions

### Arising: 
- **ACTION:** (Eleanor) Add introductory content, minutes, and v1 Terms of Reference to CAKEbox site – this will form the landing page linked in WG invitations.  
- **ACTION:** (Eleanor) Check if she can be an admin of a mailing list on the STFC service as an external.  
- **ACTION:** (All) Write text for the invitation template.  
- **ACTION:** (Stephen, Damian, Mai) Send out invitations.  
- **ACTION:** (All) Set an agenda and plan for the first WG meeting.

### Ongoing: 
- **ACTION:** (All) Create a landing page on the CAKE/CoSeC websites.  
- **ACTION:** (Eleanor) Create a mailing list for working group members.
    - Options:
    - UoE: Requires UoE email for admin access.  
    - STFC: Check external admin eligibility [STFC Listserv](https://listserv.stfc.ac.uk/scripts/wa.exe?INDEX)  
    - Other options: Jisc-mail or Google Groups.
    - **ACTION:** (Eleanor) Investigate STFC mailing list admin access for externals.


### Completed: 
- **ACTION:** (Eleanor) Update the Terms of Reference to reflect discussions and decisions made.  
  - Sent round for final checks and approval on 8th July.
  - Ready to publish, waiting on CoSeC contact but this is not a blocker. 
- **ACTION:** (Eleanor) Send regular meeting invite.  
- **ACTION:** (Eleanor) Create a spreadsheet for nominations to join the working group  
- **ACTION:** (Eleanor) Create a GitHub repo in the CAKE GH organisation.
    - Need somewhere to host Terms of Reference, minutes, community requests and outputs. 
    - CAKE are developing [CAKEbox](https://cake-dri.github.io/CAKEbox/working-groups/) as a knowledge hub for exchanging knowledge, sharing best practices and reusable templates. As EDI should cross-cut all knowledge exchange activities, it is sensible to have all this in one place as a one-stop-shop. 
    - Rather than hosting as a separate activity, this will demonstrate that this is a joint activity between two DRI-funded projects. Will also raise awareness of the CAKE network and drive collaboration between new groups. 
    - Decision: host on CAKEbox. 


---

### Invitations to the Working Group
- We have a spreadsheet of nominations with 33 names, representing different CAKE/CoSeC communities as well as key external communities. 
    - Decision: invite all suggested contacts. 
    - Nominations do not close, we will continue to be open to new communities and new suggestions. 
    - The most important thing is a core community of motivated and engaged people who care about making a difference. 
- Highlighted which suggestions are personal invitations and which are community invitations.
- Missing gap for industry/non-research communities. Couple suggestions discussed and added. 

#### Invitation Template (to be drafted)
- Introduce the WG, including link to CAKEbox landing page.
- Outline the commitment.
- Highlight the career development opportunity of joining the WG.
- Collect info:
    - Career stage  
    - Represented community  
    - EDI-related goals  
    - Ambitions for the WG  

---

### First Full Working Group Meeting
- Decision: Scheduled for Friday, 3rd October at 10 am.

---

Date of Next Meeting (DONM): 3rd October 2025, 10am, Teams
