# 07/11/2025 

## Agenda
1. Review of Actions
2. Logistics:
    * Minutes rota
    * Propose date changes for upcoming meetings
3. Discussion: EDI Working Group Survey results and proposed structure for the group 
4. Any other business 

---

## Minutes
1. Actions 

2. Logistics 
    * Minutes
        * Rota for minute-taking confirmed. 
        * Minute-taker records detailed internal notes; Chairs will provide a public summary for CAKEbox. 
        * Group discussed whether to record meetings to help with attendance and accuracy of notes. It was agreed not to record, to protect open discussion and avoid discomfort around sensitive topics. The option may be revisited later. 
    *  Meeting dates
        * December meeting moved from 5th → 12th December (to avoid CIUK).
        * January meeting moved from 2nd → 9th January (to avoid the festive period).

3. Discussion: Shaping the working group's future direction and goals

**Topic:** EDI Working Group Survey results and proposed structure for the group. 

**Survey** 

The key results from the survey were presented, highlighting two goals to deliver for the communities within the scope of this working group: 
* Distill best practice guidance and shared resources 
* Formal output report to set goals and targets. 

The group discussed the importance of keeping discussions focused and distinguishing between practical actions and broader strategic goals. There was recognition that while both areas are important, there is still a lack of clarity about where and how this group can have the greatest impact. Members discussed how individuals from underrepresented groups should not carry the burden of driving change and responsibility should lie with those in positions of power to enable lasting progress. It was acknowledged that significant structural barriers continue to limit diversity in leadership. 

There was consensus that while structural barriers continue to limit diversity in leadership, existing best-practice materials should be built upon rather than duplicated. Creating concise, accessible guidance tailored to the group’s communities was seen as valuable and a good way to build upon existing materials.

The group also noted the need to draw from existing investments and resources (e.g. national EDI initiatives), collect case studies of successes and challenges, and establish a clear statement of purpose.

**Proposing next steps for the group**

Based on the survey results, a plan was proposed on how to structure the group and what steps should be taken next: 
* Collect → Case studies, existing resources, guidance from UKRI, how to measure impact 
* Build → Distill our collection down into best practice guidance for our communities 
* Deliver → Present findings at key events, publish resources, distill into a clear action plan. 
    * These steps are not exclusive, and expect these to be done in parallel to iteratively grow and respond to community feedback/needs. 

The group discussed how to ensure that best practices genuinely address the needs of the community and reflect a broad range of perspectives. Collecting case studies was seen as a valuable way to test assumptions, identify gaps, and ensure existing policies and procedures align with lived experiences. There was a suggestion that the group should explore collaboration with social scientists and consider ethical aspects.

It was noted that levels of diversity vary across communities, and targeted efforts may be needed to reach those that are less engaged or face persistent barriers. As well as this, members highlighted the importance of maintaining a clear and manageable scope, focusing primarily on computational research communities, while ensuring the work remains practical and implementable. 

There was interest in pursuing small, measurable, and scalable actions—for example, inclusive event training or improving recruitment outreach to diverse networks — while also recognising the risk of focusing only on actions that benefit the majority. The group agreed that both local, high-impact initiatives and longer-term structural change are needed to create meaningful progress.

**Date of Next Meeting (DONM): 12/12/2025, 10am, Online via Teams**


(please contact cake-management@mlist.is.ed.ac.uk for any queries about these minutes)cd