---
title: 26/03/27 - 27th March 2026
tags: [EDI WG Minutes]
---

<!-- # 27/03/2026 -->

## Agenda 

1. Review of Actions
2. Durham HPC Days - We know what we should do, why aren't we doing it?
3. Election of CAKE-CoSeC EDI WG Chair(s)
4. Discussion: Development of a community resource around the UKRI Spending Review  
5. Any other business 
6. Mini working group breakouts 

---

## Minutes
### Actions 

**Ongoing:** Collecting examples of hidden costs that hinder participation, forming a list to help clarify EDI-related expenses (like childcare or accessibility adjustments) that can be funded, aiming to create a resource that lowers barriers by guiding both projects and individuals on what costs are acceptable.

* Progress delayed due to other WG activities. Decision to move this action into a separate document for tracking and move to closed until further action from group needed. 

### Durham HPC Days

* Session accepted! 
* Session title: "We know what we should do, why aren't we doing it?"
* Scheduled: Thursday 18th June, 13:00 - 14:30 
* Session format: Three 20-minute presentations followed by breakout discussions on actionable solutions. 
* EDI WG has a talk. Other talks in session cover gender imbalance in Euro HPC applications and diverse panel formation in UKRI. Purpose is to discuss the EDI problem we are trying to solve, what we are doing to address this and successes/challenges. Participants will then work together to find solutions and actionable steps for the speakers. 
* **Decision:** Plan to structure talk around working group overview with input from three breakout groups: 
    * More introductory to help audience understand key EDI issues, language, and barriers
    * Could help focus breakout discussions rather than repeating basic conversations
    * aligns with session title - moving people past theory to practical implementation challenges
    * Slides will be collaboratively developed


### Election of CAKE-CoSeC EDI WG Chair(s)

* Upcoming election for two co-Chairs, as outlined in Terms of Reference
* Process will include role description, self-nominations, and independent voting managed by CAKE team
* Two nominees with most votes will be elected

### Discussion: Development of a community resource around the UKRI Spending Review

Details not included in CAKEbox summary whilst discussion within the group is ongoing. 


### Any other business? 

Moved to before the breakout rooms to allow time for any discussion. 

Next meeting will be a review of the three working group topics, to discuss if they are working as intended. 


### Mini Working Groups: 

Given the size, goals, and intended outputs of the group, we will divide our efforts into smaller, topic-focused working groups:

1. Community outreach 
2. Curation of topic-based guides
3. Measuring the impact of EDIA initiatives

Following the above discussions, this meeting used breakout rooms. 


**Date of Next Meeting (DONM): 01/05/2026, 10am, Online via Teams**

(please contact cake-management@mlist.is.ed.ac.uk for any queries about these minutes)
