---
title: 26/03/06 - 6th March 2026
tags: [EDI WG Minutes]
---

<!-- # 06/03/2026 -->

## Agenda 

1. Review of Actions
2. Discussion: Development of a community resource around the UKRI Spending Review  
3. Mini working group breakouts 
4. Any other business 

---

## Minutes
### Actions 

Ongoing: Collecting examples of hidden costs that hinder participation, forming a list to help clarify EDI-related expenses (like childcare or accessibility adjustments) that can be funded, aiming to create a resource that lowers barriers by guiding both projects and individuals on what costs are acceptable.

### Discussion: Development of a community resource around the UKRI Spending Review

Details not included in CAKEbox summary whilst discussion within the group is ongoing. 

### Mini Working Groups: 

Given the size, goals, and intended outputs of the group, we will divide our efforts into smaller, topic-focused working groups:
1. Community outreach 
2. Curation of topic-based guides
3. Measuring the impact of EDIA initiatives

Following the above discussions, this meeting used breakout rooms. 

### Any other business? 

The timeline/"end goal" of this group was discussed. It has been designed to be sustainable beyond the life of this project, which we feel gives us flexibility to achieve more. The TOR's outline an election process once the group is established, the current Chair will initiate this. 

Session accepted at Durham HPC days, as discussed in previous meeting. This has now been scheduled  for Thursday 18 June, 13:00-14:30, and we will start to discuss how to use this session wisely. 

Chair will move AoB to before breakouts. 


**Date of Next Meeting (DONM): 04/03/2026, 10am, Online via Teams**

(please contact cake-management@mlist.is.ed.ac.uk for any queries about these minutes)
