---
title: 26/05/01 - 1st May 2026
tags: [EDI WG Minutes]
---

## Agenda 

1. Review of Actions
2. Durham HPC Days - We know what we should do, why aren't we doing it?
3. Review of Working Group 

    1. Election of CAKE-CoSeC EDI WG Chair(s)
    2. Reports from mini working groups 
    3. Review of ways of working 

5. Any other business 
6. Mini working group breakouts 

---

## Minutes

### Actions 

None. 

### Durham HPC Days

* Session title: "We know what we should do, why aren't we doing it?"
* Scheduled: Thursday 18th June, 13:00 - 14:30 
* Session format: Three 20-minute presentations followed by breakout discussions on actionable solutions, one of the 20-minute presentations will be by this working group. 

* Registration is still open. 
* Will be looking for contributions from each of the mini working groups in the coming weeks. 
* Slides will be collaboratively developed. 

### Review of Working Group 

#### Election of CAKE-CoSeC EDI WG Chair(s)

* Process documented [here](../chair-election-process.md). 
* Searching for two co-Chairs, as outlined in Terms of Reference. 
* Deadline has been extended to try and solicit more applications.
* Current Chair planning to self-nominate to continue in the role, but encourages others to step-up. 
* It’s a great opportunity to gain experience in leadership in a low-pressure and supportive environment, connecting with new people across the DRI landscape and to explore new opportunities. Encourage everyone to get involved, but also to look wider into communities and suggest people who would be a strong fit for the group.  
* **Nominations closing on 15th May**

#### Reports from mini working groups 

* **Topic-Based Guides:** Focusing on a single topic initially, whilst developing a reusable process that can be used going forward. Collecting data/information/sources to compare and contrast, identify the gaps and start to outline a resource. 
* **Measuring Impact:** Decided on a time scale of 6-months, defining who the guidance is for, what it's meant to achieve and then ask the wider group for feedback. 
* **Community Outreach:** Developing an anonymous survery for the DRI+ community to capture EDI challenges, existing support and gaps. Collaboratively working on the questons and process for getting this sort of research approved. 


#### Review of ways of working 

* Overall view that discussions have been great, but we would benefit from more protected time to focus on outcomes. **Decision:** schedule a second monthly meeting, designed as a co-working space for the mini working groups to make progress. 
* Discussion around how to recognise contributions from this work. This conversation is open and ongoing, to ensure this group is valuable for all. 
* Reflecting on the development of a community resource around the UKRI Spending Review. This resource has been paused to focus on the mini working group outputs. 


### Any other business

None. 

### Mini working group breakouts 

Given the size, goals, and intended outputs of the group, we will divide our efforts into smaller, topic-focused working groups:

1. Community outreach 
2. Curation of topic-based guides
3. Measuring the impact of EDIA initiatives

Following the above discussions, this meeting used breakout rooms. 


**Date of next all-hands meeting: 05/06/2026, 10am, Online via Teams**

**Date of next mini-working groups meeting: 05/06/2026, 10am, Online via Teams**

(please contact the CAKE team for any queries about these minutes)
