---
title: 26/06/05 - 5th June 2026
tags: [EDI WG Minutes]
---

## Agenda 

1. Review of Actions
2. Durham HPC Days - We know what we should do, why aren't we doing it?
3. Election of CAKE-CoSeC EDI WG Chair(s)
4. Monthly Mini Working Group meetings 
5. Updates from Mini Working Groups 
6. Any other business 
7. Mini working group breakouts 

---

## Minutes

### Actions 

None. 

### Durham HPC Days

* Session title: "We know what we should do, why aren't we doing it?"
* Scheduled: Thursday 18th June, 13:00 - 14:30 
* Session format: Three 20-minute presentations followed by breakout discussions on actionable solutions, one of the 20-minute presentations will be by this working group. 

* [Online registration is open.](https://hpc-days.github.io/Durham-HPC-Days-2026/programme-days-2026/we-know-what-we-have-to-do-thursday-session-13-00/ ) 
* Our presentation is 15 minutes long, focusing on the context where we have identified an EDI challenge, what we have done to address it, and existing challenges/points of improvement which we would value feedback on.
* Slides will be collaboratively developed with individual report outs from the mini working groups. 
* Please review and contribute to the slides. 

### Election of CAKE-CoSeC EDI WG Chair(s)

* Process documented [here](../chair-election-process.md). 
* Searching for two co-Chairs, as outlined in Terms of Reference. 
* Search has been paused due to lack of engagement. 
* Encouraging members to get in touch with the Chair to learn more about the opportunity and/or to seek nominations from their communities. 
* Will be re-visited following the Durham HPC Days and ISC. 

### Monthly Mini Working Group Meetings 

* Going forward, we will now also have monthly meetings for the mini working groups. This is intended to provide protected time to progress work, collaborate, and assign actions to be completed between meetings.
* Proposing to keep the same timeslot on a Friday, staggered between all-hands meetings.
* Mini working group leaders are encouraged to reschedule their meetings to work best for their active participants. 

### Reports from mini working groups 

* **Topic-Based Guides:** Aiming to create a Moscow Analysis of existing guides and a set of criteria for success. Suggested to use CAKEbox as storage of existing guides. 
* **Measuring Impact:** Discussing definition of KPIs, ownership and organisational processes as methods of measuring impact. However, struggling with changing group members.  
* **Community Outreach:** Developing an anonymous survey for the DRI+ community to capture EDI challenges, existing support and gaps. Submitted for Ethical Approval, group working on refining the questions and audience. 

### Any other business

None. 

### Mini working group breakouts 

Given the size, goals, and intended outputs of the group, we will divide our efforts into smaller, topic-focused working groups:

1. Community outreach 
2. Curation of topic-based guides
3. Measuring the impact of EDIA initiatives

Following the above discussions, this meeting used breakout rooms. 


**Date of next all-hands meeting: 03/07/2026, 10am, Online via Teams**

**Date of next mini-working groups meeting: 12/06/2026, 10am, Online via Teams**

(please contact the CAKE team for any queries about these minutes)
